Changelog 0.67 (#10724)
numba/numba: docs/source/release/0.67.0-notes.rst

Version 0.67.0 (TBD)
====================

This is a major Numba release. Numba now adds support for NumPy 2.5.
This release also ships Python 3.14 conda packages and wheels for

> Windows ARM64. It adds ``np.insert``, and a dynamic ``axis``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows ARM64. It also adds JIT-compilation support for ``np.insert`` and dynamic ``axis``
```

> argument for ``np.sum`` and ``np.cumsum``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
argument for the ``np.sum`` and ``np.cumsum`` reduction functions.
```
